ODATA-1432 (#134)
oasis-tcs/odata-specs: odata-csdl/1 Introduction.md

decimal point may vary from zero to the value of the `Scale` facet, and
the number of digits to the left of the decimal point may vary from one
to the value of the `Precision` facet minus the value of the `Scale`
facet. If `Precision` is equal to `Scale`, a single zero MUST precede
the decimal point.

The value of `Scale` MUST be less than or equal to the value of
[`Precision`](#Precision).

Note: if the underlying data store allows negative scale, services may
use a [`Precision`](#Precision) with the absolute value of the negative
scale added to the actual number of significant decimal digits, and
client-provided values may have to be rounded before being stored.

::: {.varjson .rep}
### ##subisec `$Scale`

The value of `$Scale` is a number or a string with one of the symbolic
values `floating` or `variable`.

Services SHOULD use lower-case values; clients SHOULD accept values in a
case-insensitive manner.

Absence of `$Scale` means `variable`.
:::

::: {.varjson .example}
Example ##ex: [`Precision`](#Precision)`=3` and `Scale=2`.  
Allowed values: 1.23, 0.23, 3.14 and 0.7, not allowed values: 123, 12.3
```json
"Amount32": {

>   "$Nullable": true,

Reviewer: Nullable is introduced only in section 7.2, can we avoid it in these early examples?

Author: Well, if we want to have isomorphic examples for JSON and XML, then one of them has to talk about Nullable because they have opposite defaults.

Where do we want to have Nullable: in JSON or in XML?

Reviewer: Leave the examples as they are but add a comment: "The `$Nullable` member is explained in section ...".

[OData-JSON](#ODataJSON) for the representation in requests and
responses.

## ##subsec Type Facets

> Facets modify or constrain the acceptable values for a model element of a given primitive type,

Reviewer 2: I initially read this as the model element belonging to a given primitive type, not that the model element was a given primitive type.

Perhaps turn this around; something like:
```suggestion
Facets modify or constrain the acceptable values of primitive typed model elements,
```
